Car list
(1) licencePlateSerial : 10102
carModel : Opel
subModel : vectra
color : Black
manufactureCountry : Germany
modelYear : 2019
(2) licencePlateSerial : 11117
carModel : Mazda
subModel : 3
color : Green
manufactureCountry : Japan
modelYear : 2018
(3) licencePlateSerial : 11110
carModel : Toyota
subModel : yaris
color : Red
manufactureCountry : Japan
modelYear : 2018
(4) licencePlateSerial : 11100
carModel : Toyota
subModel : yaris
color : Red
manufactureCountry : Japan
modelYear : 2018
(5) licencePlateSerial : 22228
carModel : Toyota
subModel : rx-5
color : Red
manufactureCountry : Japan
modelYear : 2018
(6) licencePlateSerial : 33331
carModel : Mazda
subModel : mx-3
color : White
manufactureCountry : Japan
modelYear : 2020
(7) licencePlateSerial : 33332
carModel : Toyota
subModel : nx-4
color : Red
manufactureCountry : Japan
modelYear : 2020
(8) licencePlateSerial : 22221
carModel : Ford
subModel : fiesta-Rx
color : Black
manufactureCountry : USA
modelYear : 2020
(9) licencePlateSerial : 22223
carModel : Mazda
subModel : cx-3x
color : White
manufactureCountry : Japan
modelYear : 2020
(10) licencePlateSerial : 22224
carModel : Ford
subModel : mondeo-Rx
color : Red
manufactureCountry : USA
modelYear : 2018
